Continue


Reviewed are not showing
All also not

The button Submit Decinions should be called. Update request

Below all this should be a reply container where we can reply to the email.

 How Reply Management Works
Use "Check for Replies" button in the navigation to scan for new email responses
Review replies and approve/deny requests based on manager feedback
Replies marked as "processed" will update your request status automatically
You can reply back to managers if you have automatic email enabled

This should not be shown, maybe later in a help file but it takes up a lot of space.

In manual mode the replies section and check for replies should not be shown. (is the case now)
When now in manual mode and clicking check for replies says checked 0 requests (while request were created), so the logic is sound.

When approving a group request remove the are you sure, we have grown up users, they should be sure and afterwards are going to close the modal theirself.

Same in the replies if a user does a bulk action no confirm.

When doing bulk approval, pending or denial the button of the bulk actions does not get updated. For edit modal and replies modal.

 Original message at the bottom is not useful as the user see the email message.

Still only shows the number with replies when replies is open. (the number of replies we have to reply to)
If I click update replies button it gets highlighted

The Check for new email repliesbutton is not vertically aligned with the user settings button.

There is not active highlighting on the current tab. Calendar/Roster Deadlines/Replies (just make the text colour white)

In the request modal flight number should always get TB prefix without user being able to change it. (and this way it always passes validation, but we keep validation no matter what)

In the calendar legend the Request status is shown as  Request Status with a circle make it the same as the actualy request a rectangle keep the colour
bugs

localhost/:1 Uncaught (in promise) Error: A listener indicated an asynchronous response by returning true, but the message channel closed before a response was received